Fix broken links and instructions (#657)
PyTorchLightning/lightning-bolts: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Want to add a new test case and not sure how? [Talk to us!](https://join.slack.com/t/pytorch-lightning/shared_invite/zt-pw5v393p-qRaDgEk24~EjiZNBpSQFgQ)

> **Note before submitting the PR, make sure you have run `make format`.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note before submitting the PR, make sure you have run `pre-commit run`.**
```
